task/2549 create copilot-instructions.md and update branch/hook support for copilot agents (#2550)
Accenture/sfmc-devtools: .github/copilot-instructions.md

```

Format: `<type>/<issue-number> <issue title with spaces>`

## Pull Request Description

Follow the structure defined in [PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md](./PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md):

```markdown
# PR details

## What changes did you make? (Give an overview)

- closes #1234

## Further details (optional)

...

## Checklist

- [ ] I have performed a self-review of my own code
- [ ] I have commented my code, particularly in hard-to-understand areas
- [ ] test scripts updated
- [ ] Wiki updated (if applicable)
```

Replace `#1234` with the actual issue number the PR is created for.

## Issue Relationship

Always link the PR to the issue it was created for by including `closes #<issue-number>` in the PR description.

## Labels

The repository has component labels prefixed with `c/` based on the class names in `lib/metadataTypes/`. When files in that directory are changed, assign the matching pre-existing `c/` label(s) to the PR.

Examples:
- Changes to `lib/metadataTypes/Journey.js` → assign label `c/journey`
- Changes to `lib/metadataTypes/Automation.js` → assign label `c/automation`
- Changes to `lib/metadataTypes/DataExtension.js` → assign label `c/dataextension`

> The label name is `c/` followed by the lowercase class name (filename without extension).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The label name is `c/` followed by the lower camel-cased class name (filename without extension).
```
